Rename {enable|disable}_column_stats API (#3395)
timescale/docs: api/enable_chunk_skipping.md

---
api_name: enable_chunk_skipping()
excerpt: Enable range tracking for columns of chunks from a hypertable  
topics: [hypertables]
keywords: [hypertables, chunks, range-tracking, skipping]
tags: [columns, ranges, min-max, chunks]
api:
  license: apache
  type: function
---

# enable_chunk_skipping()

> Track a range of values in a specific column of chunks in a hypertable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable range statistics for a specific column in a hypertable. This tracks range of values for that column per chunk. This is used for chunk pruning during query optimization
```
